hey everyone welcome to this episode of
learning from the pros joining me today
sharing his top 10 tips on promoting
events with paid ads is Kirk dice who is
the senior growth marketing manager at
skyo welcome
Kirk thanks for having me buddy I'm so
excited to dive in Kirk why don't you
just give everyone uh some quick context
on who you are and your background and
uh we'll dive into your tips yeah yeah
so I am I'm the senior growth marketing
manager at skyo been here for about two
years skyio for contexts we build drones
and our secret sauces they have ai uh
before that I ran marketing for a
National Distribution Company and then
before that had my own Ad Agency at
clients all over the world that's
awesome by the way you guys should
totally check out Sky's ads they have
some of the coolest video ads uh with
seeing their drone in action it's it's
it's the ultimate case of logical social
proof because your ad is saying you can
do something and then you see the Drone
actually doing the thing so it's hard to
contest against but anyways side note
Let's uh let's kick off here so so uh
just for everyone listening if you're
not familiar with skyo and the brand
they put on some very serious
conferences in terms of uh quality of
events but also event sizes so why don't
you just quickly give some people some
context on the types of events and the
scale of events that you've ran at
skyio I think the the biggest that comes
to mind is last year we ran an event
called Ascend it was probably arguably
one of the biggest drone events on
planet Earth so that was a blast uh we
did a lot of cool stuff there released a
new product a lot of Buzz tried a lot of
different
channels and then uh I would say
probably monthly we're doing events like
webinars live talks and then we also
have Road shows travel all across
America and have events so it's safe to
say you've you've promoted quite a few
events in your time it's it's happened
yeah amazing let's dive in to your first
tip all right cool tip number one um
build an event framework so what does
that look like so we know an event's
going to happen in May before we even
start the event break it down into four
stages pre-event event postevent and
then the repurpose stage and what does
that actually mean so pre-event it's all
about creating excitement it's all about
building the hype during the event you
have to remember that people are going
to see your ads a million times or they
might not see your ads a million times I
might say it one time you don't know
what's going to happen so you want to
keep engaging people you want to keep
informing people about this event and
then post event now that the event's
over you have this recording so what
what do you do with it how do you use
that content and then finally the
repurpose stage think about Evergreen
content so you're G to have this won't
be odd this won't be the only event you
do so how can you take that content
repurpose it and use it for future event
promotions example we did Ascend last
year it was like this now we're going to
do a sun 2.0 and here's content we can
pull
from so just to recap that tip one was
to build an event framework which
comprises of four different parts so you
have the pre-event phase the event phase
so during the event post event and then
that repurpose phase so pre-event you're
really driving that buzz that excitement
getting
people ready to go and and sign up
during the event you're using that as an
opportunity to keep them engaged and uh
distribute I have so much to answer to
to ask just off of off of the each stage
and then post event is okay event is
over here's the recap Etc and then the
repurpose
phase right got it awesome awesome do
you have tips around how you think about
budget for those those different phases
within the
framework yeah so what what I've noticed
is right before the event you're going
to have probably a spike in signups so
let me rewind pre-event you want to
split your budget probably something
like 6040 right so 60% leading up to the
event during the event like a week or
two before there's going to be a spike
in signups a spike in activity people
are going to have their calendars free
they're going to know that they can
attend the event either virtually or in
person you want to make sure you don't
burn through your budget when you're
very close to the event and I would say
like one to two weeks is a good good
point to be like okay let's make sure we
still have budget post event and rep
purposing stage this can be remarketing
tactics so by this point you'll have an
idea of how your campaigns are running
when you're creating this demand and
trying to capture it that you'll be able
to say like okay maybe this content is
the best or isn't the best or it is
really great let's put in more money or
let's allocate more money for it for
future events yep that makes sense
that's awesome tip number
two tip number two so you're going to
have your assets ready in advance and
you're going to want to have goals
aligned with your assets
so what does that actually mean um so
for these events you're going to want
videos you're going to want images
you're going to want blogs you're going
to want social posts and ideally you're
going to want all that stuff not a week
in advance before the event you're going
to want some time where you can ramp up
you can test a different content you can
see what's resonating with audiences
this will also help you with future
events where if let's say you have a
Blog a video a social post and the video
kills it then event number two you know
like let's invest more time in resources
is to get more videos so really just
making sure that you're you're doing a
lot of the planning up a front knowing
what you're asking for the assets are in
are in Flight you're ready to go so that
way you're not straggling last minute
hey we've got the event in a week and we
don't we don't even have our our ads yet
essentially pretty much yeah as much as
possible you want to avoid surprises you
want to be like okay we're going to have
this event we're going to go we're going
to use this content this is what we're
going to run with not all the content
going to to perform the same some of
them you're going to scale some you're
going to
drop yep that makes sense okay tip
number
three tip number three utilize partners
and internal networks to amplify your
efforts so what does that
mean so odds are you don't have a sales
team that's like a 100 people maybe you
have one maybe you have none but odds
are you are part of a team and odds are
that team is on LinkedIn so one tactic
that we've been doing where we're see
some success in is playing the algorithm
so post the event on LinkedIn have
everybody comment it have everybody like
it have people share it use your own
internal Network to play the system this
will give it a little extra Buzz right
before you you boost it on top of that
when you do Boost it people are going to
see it your audiences are going to see
it they're not going to see an ad that
has zero engagement they're going to see
an ad that has like 50 likes 10 shares
20 comments so it just adds a little bit
more buzz and excitement overall to that
piece of content
I love that so much that is such an easy
actionable tip that's going to
dramatically impact the performance of
your ad use your own people to give
engagement to it so now when they see
the ad because that you know it's like
you see those ads and they're like oh we
have this event going on it's so amazing
it's great but then they look at the
engagement there like one like it's like
crickets you know uh well maybe it's not
as good as you're saying because nobody
has even bothered to like this you know
so just by starting out ahead and having
your team like it comment share and then
using it is is key because then now
you're already just starting ahead yeah
that's a great
tip the other half of that the other
half of that tip sorry just real quick
is US utilizing Partners so ideally or
not ideally in most cases you're
probably not Nike in most cases your a
smaller company your startup your medium
siiz maybe some cases you are Nike but
let's assume that you're not there's
other people in your industry in your
Niche who are thought leaders who know
your audience build those connections
with them reach out to them email them
use tools like sem rush to do Recon to
be like who in this space is relevant
who's ranking and then send them emails
to be like hey what do you think about
doing a partnership with them there's
some content that we have would you be
open to promoting it U most likely
they're going to say okay we'll do it
but it's going to cost you a penny but
at least now you have an idea and you
can negotiate that stuff for people
listening that are brand new to
negotiating deals with influencers or or
Brands can you give any context on on
like how those deals are typically
structured yeah so usually when you
reach out to an influencer um they're
going to set their own prices they're
going to say if you want to use my
channel it's going to be $5,000 or
whatever it is and usually they'll have
like here are the 10 different things I
can do you know I can do one social post
I can do a blog post I can do a video
and they'll try to sell you a package
deal um there is going to be in most
cases a little bit of back and forth for
they can offer you 10 things but you
only want one or two so kind of be
prepared to negotiate with influencers
for that not everybody's prices are the
same uh definitely encourage like if
you're going to do a deal with them on
LinkedIn LinkedIn look at their
engagement look at what they're posting
you know do your due diligence make sure
that this is the right person you want
to do business with because they are
engaging in that platform
mhm yeah that's that's key I wonder too
if you really wanted to go into the
weeds you could analyze that influencers
post and then see the average amount of
reactions that they get you know if you
wanted to kind of get a a sense or or
I'm not sure if there's a way to see
like the amount of views that the post
got or something like that but then you
can kind of backf factor and kind of get
some data around it we like well on
average they get this type of Engagement
I think this makes sense if you really
wanted to go down the rabbit hole um
but no that's that's awesome um so tip
number one we talked about building the
event framework tip number two we talked
about aligning our goals with our assets
and getting that planned out in advance
and then uh tip number three we talked
about utilizing partners and your
internal networks to really boost your
uh your ads and giving them all that
social proof ahead of
time yep awesome tip number four tip
number four audience
segmentation um this one feels like a
holy gr tip because it feels like all of
us will either be burned by this or have
been burned by it so what does it mean
so you've had your created team they
made all these assets you got the budget
you know when the events coming you
launched your ads you're broadcasting it
to the world and then you're seeing
trash in you're seeing bad leads come in
you're seeing not the relevant audiences
you're seeing like okay why is this guy
we drone company why is the lift person
coming to us that makes no no sense so
trash in means trash out so before you
start the event really really take the
time to Define who your who your
audiences are so how can you do that
different ways one build your buyer
Persona have an idea about that two on
these platforms when you do targeting
you could say stuff like um for example
skyio we ran an innovation Day event
this was a defense event we ran
remarketing campaigns where we said if
you visited these defense Pages then
odds are you're in this defense bucket
so we want to remark it to you guys
that's part of it the other part of it
too is not every message is universal so
a lot of times we come up with copy and
it's really cheeky or it stands out and
we're like this is killer let's just
show it to everybody well guess what not
everybody's going to resonate with it so
start thinking about your different
buyer types is this the person who's
going to be on the ground floor or is
this going to be like a manager right so
the way you talk to those people are
going to be different so you want to
make sure that you tailor your mage
messaging to who that audience is I'm
curious in in your experience when it
comes to that audience
segmentation
is is it really worth it in terms of
like the the net like the net impact
that you see uh just like in terms of
the return on effort so for maybe for
someone listening to this they're like
okay maybe I have three
potential personas that are attending
this event Kirk what you're saying is I
should have three campaigns each
campaign has a unique message to each
one of them for people that are
listening to this maybe they're not as
experience with audience segmentation
how impactful have you seen it be in
terms of
performance it's the biggest thing in
the world so at some point you're going
to hit a point where it's you're not
going to have infinite budget you're GNA
they're going to tell you you've got
10,000 a month or whatever the number is
and it's never going to be enough and
they're always going to say do more for
Less all right in order for to do that
you need to find ways to scale so how do
you make it scale well if I know that my
audience is correct I know that in the
long run I'm going to see high higher
Roi versus if I just keep throwing money
at this ad showing it to everybody I'm
wasting ad dollars and eventually at the
end of the year it's all going to add up
and there's not going to be a way to
hide from that data so I'd say really
really taking the time to understand
your audience segmentation and having
that set up I mean like again that's
that's the Holy Grail really make sure
you have a good foundation on that
because it's going to pay dividends in
the long run yeah for sure is there two
segmented for some maybe like you know
they take it two far what are what would
be like some traps to be to be mindful
of yeah there's a there's a tip that you
actually gave me once upon a time where
it was an you said roughly said be
careful of analysis paralysis right so
at some point you just got to run you
just got to launch you just got to go
right so when you're building your
audien is like absolutely this is an an
exercise where you spend six months
doing it this isn't an exercise where
you say like okay here's my audience I'm
going to break it out into 50 different
ways right that's insane right at some
point you just want to be like okay
here's my general audience the way that
I would approach it is think of it in
terms of their intent stage so I want an
audience that's going to be focused on
create capture and accelerate and kind
of Define what that means for you it
might be different for everybody uh but
for us what it means is create we want
to create some bug we know that these
people aren't really familiar with us
for capture it's kind of think of it in
terms of like remarketing they know the
brand they know the products and then
accelerate it's feels like another layer
of capture where we're marketing even
further they've engaged with our
audience or they've engaged with our ads
or contents they haven't fully committed
to purchasing yet but we know they're
they're right
there yeah one tip for everyone
listening
if if you're if you really just need a a
simple way to approach and not even just
just events but ads in general and
you're like how much is too
much General recommendation is no less
than $50 a day per campaign generally
speaking so whatever your budget is
divided by 50 that's the amount of
campaigns you can have now take a look
at however many ways you're thinking
about splitting and dicing whatever the
thing is so if it's like three personas
well then you're like okay uh then that
means I'm G to have X amount of
campaigns available these many personas
this is a coverage I could potentially
have that could be a simple way to go
about it and then also just to in terms
of like other campaigns you're running
so you don't spread yourself out too
much and then one last thing to to hit
on there is for those of you listening
to this and you're not 100% sure about
the audiences and you're overanalyzing
it just get started with uploading the
lists so like if you're dealing with
some sort of list or you're going to use
a native option like linkedin's native
targeting like just build the saved
audience first see how large it is you
know what what are you working with what
are you dealing with and then from there
you can start to assess like okay is
this a worthwhile fight should we invest
more here should we go in this direction
and if it's not then you know hey well
it stopped after the audience creation
part and I didn't have to go now get ads
designed and you know waste all that
time
energy yeah
absolutely all right tip number
five tip number five cross Channel
integration so what does that look like
in practice what does that mean you want
to be everywhere when you're doing an
event and generally like in ads pretty
much you do want to be everywhere think
about how I guess you and I how how do
we experience ads right now we're
marketers so I feel like we're kind of
numb to it we're kind of blind we see
ads and we just we scroll on LinkedIn we
scroll we scroll we scroll well guess
what typically our buyers our prospects
they're pretty similar to us they're on
LinkedIn and they're scrolling they're
scrolling they're scrolling if you if we
think that just one ad one video on one
channel is enough odds are it's not we
need to be in multiple places we need to
remind people we need to give them
multiple touches of our content and our
messaging so what you want to do or what
I challenge you to do is try to find
places try to meet your audiences where
they're at so it's not just LinkedIn but
it's also thirdparty
websites um one way that we've been able
to do this successfully is using sem
Rush so going back to the Innovation day
defense event example one of the things
that we did is we've already have
keyword research on SEO uh we plug that
into sem rush and then we see what
websites rank for that from there we
reached out to these websites where it
made sense and we said hey do you guys
have any opportunity for us to advertise
on your website now a little secret or a
little thing that I do is I already know
they're going to say like oh buy this
Banner at space on my website buy the
banner at space on top I never go for
any of that stuff I think it's all junk
uh what I do go for is can I get on your
popup um I've seen popups do really
really well for events um other things
that have really good lifespans are can
you do a Blog on us because that's going
to live forever they'll give us an SEO
backlink and can we get in your email
that's another one where usually their
emails are being sent out every week or
every month and you're going to get a
lot of exposure on that this is gold uh
do you have just like a range of what
you've seen like on the low end of how
expensive this is as a channel to pursue
and then on the high end what you've
seen so yeah so what's awesome about
this is it's extremely it's more
negotiable doing this than it is working
with influencers which kind of blows my
mind because like you would think like
the website would say like I have all
this traffic but I found that it's way
more easier to negotiate with websites
than influencers so on the low end we've
done campaigns for example ascend we
took over um a popup we did a Blog and
we were in an email blast we did it for
around 700 bucks and we had leads
comeing yeah that's crazy I thought you
gonna say
7,000 that's awesome so it's all about
like finding those websites right yeah
but that same ask like we went to an
influencer to do a post on LinkedIn um
one of the influencers was like well
I'll do it for you I'll do two posts
$7,000 right so it's just kind of like
okay we didn't work with that person CU
like we're not going to pay that that's
outrageous um so it can be all over the
place the other thing too is with these
websites they're hungry for Content
they're looking for things to put in
their email they're looking for things
to put on their blog so definitely
encourage making those relationships and
saying like this isn't the only event
we're going to do and if you reached out
to them once odds are you can reach out
to them again and be like hey what else
can we do in terms of
Partnerships yeah that's a gold on the
on the not around the ad Channel Side
for the cross Channel
integration what are some channels that
you've been like your go-to that you
come back to I know this is very
circumstantial based on who your ICP is
and you know for example if they're not
on LinkedIn you shouldn't even consider
it but in your experience what have been
the channels that have been
worthwhile for the channels that I've
seen work the best are one for sure
LinkedIn right there's a lot of like
LinkedIn right now is the king for
targeting in terms of you can say you
know what is the company size what's the
revenue you can upload lists there's so
much it's all B2B Focus there's a lot of
opportunity there um another Channel I
really really like that a lot of people
ignore is Facebook especially on the B2B
side so a lot of times I say like let's
use Facebook as a testing ground and the
reason why is well a couple reasons why
I love testing another thing is a lot of
people are like I don't want to do
Facebook my audience isn't on Facebook
you know they're on LinkedIn as an
example I've had a lot of those
arguments and a lot of times I remind
people that that our audience they're
just people they don't care they're not
thinking like us like marketers like am
I on LinkedIn am I on Facebook they're
like okay I'm on LinkedIn right now I'm
checking out Instagram later right yeah
yeah it's not that deep it's really not
that deep essentially it's it's they're
not giving it that level of
conscientious thought there it's just I
mean think about yourself right most of
you listening to this you probably have
an Instagram account and you go to
Instagram and you do things just like
you're on
LinkedIn yeah absolutely Ely and it goes
back to what you said or the advice you
gave me way back when analysis paralysis
you know I feel like as marketers we get
we eventually at some point we become
victims of that where we just overthink
it and it's not it's not that
complicated so LinkedIn Facebook um we
do a lot of videos so we do a lot of
stuff on YouTube that's always fun to
see like you know the view rates over
80% the cost per click you know
sometimes we've seen it as low as like
15 cents so that's like really great if
you need to if you need to have your
dollar go super
far um for people lening uh before you
getting Twitter uh just for you
listening a view on YouTube and stream
ads means they watched at least 30
seconds of your video so that's nuts 80%
of the people watched at least 30
seconds of your video and then when they
did finally click through you're paying
as low as 15 cents for a click that's
wild um yeah anyways go continue and
like some some bonus tips with that so I
imagine some people are going be
watching this saying like Okay great but
I don't have a way to make videos I
don't have that right I've got a static
image I got a Blog I got a copy got an
email well things that we've done in the
past is repurpose existing content so
example uh Ascend the Ascend event we
filmed that we recorded it we broadcast
it online and then afterwards what we
did was we took audio clips and then we
got Boll footage we made that an asset
we run ads for that remarketing for
prospecting we use it we repurpose all
of our events we pull audio clips and we
put it onto some type of b-roll or
relevant footage for it um so that's one
way to go about it if you don't have
video another thing to do is let's say
like okay I didn't record my event what
the heck now what do we do so another
hacky thing that we've done in the past
is download Loom go through your event
page I'm sure there's a lny page or a
blog or some asset that talks about the
speakers and just go low budget talk
about that stuff you know talk about
that page um and the final tip I just
thought of right now is again don't
overthink it one of the best ads that we
did last year was actually a video ad
with the CEO of our company where he
held the cell phone he's like this and
he's tacking and it was super shaky and
it wasn't 4K there was no music we
didn't edit it and then one killed it
right yeah mean meanwhile we have an
amazing video team where they're putting
on audio tracks subtitles different
aspect ratios but the one that was the
most authentic and real that's the one
that people resonated the most with yeah
no no that's uh that's gold uh you also
have to keep in mind the platform right
like they're on social media the videos
that they consume are in that format
right they that that raw authentic
format and stuff like that so it's it's
what people resonate with what they
expect to see so often times it's when
you go against it it can kind of hurt
you because now you stand out in a
negative way where they're like wait a
second this is an ad you know and they
don't pay the the time of day that's
awesome I love that that tip around the
cross Channel integration and um I think
there a lot of gold as well around
leveraging those third-party
Publications I feel
oftentimes they can feel so out of reach
or just like it's not a
NE not affordable you know what I mean
or not a reality so it's really cool to
hear that that is a very unique way you
could use your ad dollars right to to
get your event in front of a curated
audience of the people that you know are
valuable all right we are on tip number
six tip number six consider using geot
targeted ads so an example of this
Innovation day took place in Washington
we wanted to fill seats versus virtually
but we also wanted to put we wanted to
put butts in the seats we wanted people
there in 3D right so how can we do that
so in all these platforms you can set up
geot targeted ads where here's the event
and then you set up a radius and then
you see how that performs see how people
go to the pce see what they engage with
the other part of this has to do with
measuring it right uh so we're using a
tool called gradual for events there's
probably a thousand competitors for this
uh but right now this is the one that
we're using and gradual we can see like
okay where's the person coming from and
every ad we have set up we have UTM set
up so we can say like okay it came from
this ad so part of it is you need to be
able to connect the dots so definitely
recommend consider doing geot targeted
ads but also make sure you have
something in place to connect those dots
whether it's UTM or using a tool like
gradual where you can see like okay when
a person signed up they signed up for a
virtual ticket or in-person
ticket I see what you mean and just to
expand on the geot targeted ads
when you say geot targeted ads do you
mean like I'm running ads within a 30
mile radius of a of the events location
or or do you mean I'm running is that or
am I running like ads within all of us
and I'm just getting strategic with my
Geo targeting kind of can you unpack
that yeah so for the events where it's
going to happen like for this one it
happened in Washington so we ran Geo
targeted ads around Washington I see I
see what you mean what we what we also
did is like the messaging too we said
like hey we know you're in Washington
like we try to have that copy or the
visuals reference that in some way got
it yeah that makes perfect sense you're
running an event in San Francisco you
should probably Target people in San
Francisco right um yeah that makes
perfect sense have you done on the geot
targeted ads what what platforms are you
using to to activate that that
messaging so LinkedIn I think is still
really great uh Facebook that's another
one that's really great I would start
with those too okay have you done
anything with like out of home or
programmatic we have been considering
doing out of home at skyo and what we're
seeing is we actually just met with a
vendor like a couple weeks ago on this
where it's like Let's do let's have this
conversation again so we haven't done
anything at skyo what we see is one it's
a huge investment two the biggest thing
goes back to okay how do we connect the
dots what's the ROI so when you do out
of home the way that I see it it's kind
of like you've got Fu money or it's a
brand play you're going to spend a lot
of money but you know that your brand is
going to be seen by a huge
audience yeah I'm curious just um you
know this could be a good exercise for
people listening they're like you're
starting something new right this is a
new channel you guys haven't
explored you kind of already hinted at
it but how are you approaching going
into this of like okay we're going to do
this thing and this is how we're going
to try to connect the dots and kind of
just the thought process of like so
we're not just you know we're setting
oursel up for for
Success yeah so a lot of it's like stop
thinking like a marketer right which is
kind of weird like you want to think you
want to think like a CEO as much as you
can you want to go back to the ROI the
business needs right when you imagine
that you have a budget it's 10,000 a
month or whatever it is don't think
that's Sky Deal's money think that's
your money right if you think it's your
money you're going to say like okay I'm
not gonna I'm not gonna be able to put
this everywhere I'm just not right I've
got I've got 10,000 bucks I just can't
do everything and you're going to be a
lot more selective and it's a lot more
you're G to find reasons to say no find
reasons to challenge it other things too
is don't be afraid to explore like the
at of Home ad so we have an event coming
up we want to do we want to do like
these huge banner ads we want to take
over the city um just because you don't
have the budget for it doesn't mean you
shouldn't explore it right it's always
good to be like okay what are you guys
doing because maybe it doesn't make
sense for your budget maybe you're like
you know okay I do have Fu money let's
try
it yeah I love it for people
listening sometimes you just have to get
creative
on on how you measure the things so for
example on LinkedIn specifically there's
always this debate of like create vers
capture and you know I can measure this
I can't measure that so I'm not going to
measure this or I won't measure that
like regardless of how hard something is
to measure doesn't mean you should be
approaching something blind and just
like going off of Just Pure Faith like
there should be some sort of mechanism
in place for you to understand okay is
this working or not right like the at
the end of the day like we're here to
invest into these different marketing
channels distribution ads to get
something out of it going back to you
said about being a CEO if you're not
thinking like that then you're just
gambling you're just throwing money and
you're you know you're like well it just
makes sense so let's do it which I
understand the reasoning but there
should always be some sort of mechanism
of control to understand if what you're
doing is working so just spitballing
some ideas for someone and you're
considering something like out of home
which is not easily attributable right
because they're get how can you
attribute somebody looking at your
billboard right and then actually
showing up for your event I'm sure these
providers have like technology to try to
kind of help close the the gaps but
assuming all of that isn't really
effective here's like one simple idea of
how you can prove the effectiveness of
home is you run an event in a city and
you promote it how you normally do and
you see what was the total amount of
registrations Blended and and paid like
uh paid and organic and then you run the
event again let's say next here in the
same city so it's the same city same
population size same audience everything
same month and now this is your variant
but the difference is you're doing
everything the exact same as you did
last year but now you have the out of
home ads running as well well did you
notice a dramatically greater net impact
on the amount of people who actually
showed up to the event or not you know I
know you maybe you don't have the same
speakers you got a better speaker you
can pad the numbers things like that but
this is kind of how to think about it
right and like at one point now this is
like where you have to make an informed
decision based on these different touch
points but you're approaching it with
some sort of mechanism in place and this
is why I always say like the best
advertisers think like investors and
execute like scientists and you need to
think you need to think like a scientist
and be like what is my my uh my variable
and my control and and how am I going to
try to measure this thing so went on a
tangent there but I think it's helpful
because a lot of people they they kind
of just throw their hands up they're
like well I can't measure it so I'm not
going to do anything I'm not even to
think about it you know um yeah which
sometimes it works but a lot of times it
doesn't yeah all right that's great
advice tip number seven tip number seven
this one I really really love so gamify
your content we just talked about you
know be a scientist well now you also
want to find ways to gamify it what does
that mean so I'll talk about an example
with Ascend Ascend one of the things
that we did was when somebody signed up
for an event they got a ticket and we
use the platform gradual again there's
thousand platforms that do this so when
you signed up gradual gave you a ticket
and within gradual there was a button
that said share this on Facebook Twitter
X once they did that it would
automatically populate onto their
channels and then what we did on the
back end and what we told everybody was
hey we're having we're having this
competition right now the person who
gets the most referrals we're going to
give you a free Drone ah and we use
gradual to measure all of those
referrals so what did that do for us one
it totally gamified the system on
LinkedIn right we have people who are
sharing their ticket on their Channel
and they're asking their friends and
family hey sign up for this click this
like this right we're giving LinkedIn
really really good signals two it's
we're everywhere it's not just the skyo
marketing it's not just our audience
segmentation it's also with our partners
it's also with people who are signing up
for the event who odds are their
colleagues are going to see this and be
like oh yeah that's that's interesting
should we go to it you know so it
extends our reach and it costs I mean
you just need to find find the tick for
it again we're using G gradual but just
find the tech that can make make enable
you to set up that referral ticket yeah
that's awesome that's such a low lift
too because in the grand scheme of it if
you add it up like if you could
theoretically add up all the Impressions
you generated from those referrals and
like the additional tickets
registrations and you compare that to
like your average cost registration
through like Platforms in relation to
the cost of the Drone you have to give
out and the shipping it's so minor that
the the cost per registration from the
referrals and the amount of like like
your CPM you can tell I'm such an
Advertiser from from the from the the
the distribution that you got from all
that is like insane it's like so cheap
you know what I mean um a side
note there's a lot of people who are
afraid of guarantees and I find
guarantees are very similar to what
you're what you've experienced with
referrals where it's like the amount of
business that you will gain by having
the
guarantee vers lose because of the
guarantee is dramatically different you
know what I mean so yeah anyways so tip
number eight oh wait I just started
something too to rip off of on that idea
yeah yeah so when these people are like
sharing these tickets right um what
you're G to find is you're gonna have
all that data like gradual tells me like
okay we had 10,000 people sign up of
this 10,000 20 of them are doing really
really well right there's going to be
one who's always the top but there's
also going to be all this other
information of all these other people
are like wow they're just killing it
people are just signing up for that well
guess what odds are some of those might
be an opportunity to be partners some of
them might be influencers in your space
and now it's not you doing the cold
Outreach email hitting them up once on
LinkedIn hitting them up on their
website it's hey we already have this
partnership we already know you're
interested in us how can we do stuff
with us in the future how can we work
together how can we make you an
influencer for us that's awesome yeah
that's such another like not obvious
benefit of running that gamification is
now you're also it's all it's a contest
in the sense of they get a prize but
it's also a contest in the sense of like
now you get to see who your top
contributors are and they're provings to
you of hey we can start a relationship
with this person and do stuff on a
regular basis exactly yeah yeah that's
great tip number eight tip number eight
so look at ways to do display ad
advertising but there's a catch and we
kind of talked about this a little bit
in the beginning
so yeah you can do display advertising
through channels like Google right you
can you can play that game what I find
is that a lot of that I find it's kind
of like old school almost and it's
really like I feel like we waste a lot
of money doing that what we do
differently is we use sem Rush again we
put in our keywords we find sites that
rank for them we reach out to them and
we say hey we want to buy real estate on
your website I don't want to negotiate
with Google want to negotiate with you
all right and these are the assets we
have and what I find doing it that way
is one you get better terms you could be
like okay I really really love popups I
love it so you show me a marketing kit
with popups and banner ads and blah blah
blah I'll always be like give me the
popup I want the popup because that's in
your face and you have the opportunity
to negotiate with these people to be
like okay how do I get that you know how
do I get into that space and you can
also tell them things like hey you know
I I don't want to do the the basic
Banner ad on the side I have this killer
video what do you think about using the
video on your blog you know what would
that cost
me that's cool that's a really good
point so it's like get creative on the
placements don't just take what's there
at face value so yeah and it goes and
ties to the the point that we made
earlier right that you were talking
about um the popup the blog and the
email are these valuable placements do
you find when you're negotiating with
these with these uh Publications where
maybe they're not able to give you a
popup the blog or the email in that case
would you then take like the the 300 x
250 Banner on their site or the 728 by
90 because it's
still in a contextually relevant place
so for that one what I what I've done
yes and no so there's been times where
I've been like okay let's do it and then
there were times where I'm like yeah I'm
not going to do it and the way I base my
decision on is based on the data that
the sem Rush gives me so odds are that
website's going to come to you and be
like hey can't give you that but I have
a ton of data on this real estate here
here's my marketing kit right and
they've put it into a PDF or a document
all that stuff is nice and super helpful
to make informed decisions but again do
your due diligence use tools like sem
Rush ARS find out what these tools are
saying about their website because what
you might find and I found this in some
cases that the data the math doesn't
math all right they're going to show you
one number and sem Russian is going to
show you another number you do well
assume again you know assume that that
$10,000 it's your budget it's your money
are you going to take a gamble on
somebody's word or do you want to do the
Recon and be like you know what I'm not
so sure about this yeah yeah you gota
always mitigate your downside like an
investor yeah I love that tip number
nine tip number nine remarketing
campaigns so you're GNA have your events
you're going to launch your event the
event's going to be over and then what
what do you do so you want to make sure
you have remarketing campaigns running
not just while you're promoting the
event so example I'm trying to create
some Buzz I have this ad then people
engag with it now I'm going to remarket
to them yeah that's great do that every
single day the other side of this is
okay well they've engaged with my
website they're not ready to make a deal
right they're not ready to go to the
next step usually in B2B it takes like
months six seven months maybe even
sometimes longer before people convert
so they're not ready they're not ready
for marriage they're just looking for a
dance right they're still investigating
they're still learning so you want to
stay top of mind you want to have
campaigns where it's like okay we've
launched this but then we have a really
really wellth thought out long-term
remarketing strategy right where we're
going to still show them ads 30 days 60
days 90 days 180 days from now and
depending on how your audience is
reaction reacting to it doesn't need to
be that prescriptive so it may not be
180 days might be 100 days like try to
see what the data is is telling you I
see on on that remarketing note um are
you piggybacking off of the traffic that
you drove going back to the the event
framework right so you've got that
pre-event during the event post the
repurpose phase so are you now tapping
into and remarketing the traffic that
engage with with all that event
promotion oh absolutely yeah awesome so
it's like on the one hand it's like the
event promotion is building you this
massive remarketing audience so even if
those folks didn't attend the event now
you have this massive retargeting
audience that you can now remarket to
with more content offers and all this
additional value um to get them in your
ecosystem yeah you have to remember too
like odds are if you're watching this
you're not just doing marketing for an
event you'd probably do marketing for
your entire company so how can you
repurpose that audience into other
funnels of what your
strategy the real value like in my
opinion the the ultimate value from
events is the content that you generate
from it it is such a Content machine you
know if you do it right and
you hire a good videograph like couple
videographers you know photographers Etc
and you just the amount of content that
you can generate from one event and then
be able to repurpose off of that you
know you did one event now that one
event can inspire you know like 30 blog
articles now you you can create a pillar
page you have all these different pieces
of content underneath it it's just like
this spiderweb now from the ads now
those content pieces become ads that you
can promote like just insane the ROI you
can get from it if you really play it
right it's always such a miss when
people run these amazing events and they
don't use it as this mechanism to create
content to then maximize in the
repurpose phase that you talked about
it's like yeah and it keeps the event
alive months years after
it it happened you know which is such a
golden opportunity and unfortunately
it's like you might get 20,000 people at
your event which is huge it's a massive
event that's 20,000
people versus I can run an ad on
LinkedIn and I can get 20,000 people in
10 minutes you know so you think about
like the scale and the reach of of the
value when you get those those assets
from the event it's uh it's
dramatic it's so true and like for
example Ascend we did that back in
September we are still cutting down
moments from that we're not even done
with repurposing the content so after a
sudden we said like okay let's make
short form videos right let's do blogs
about it let's do static images we
haven't even gotten to gifts yet right
so there's still like so much you can do
from that and so many things you can
pull from it where it's like we still
have ads from asend and they do well
people engage with them yeah one thing
that people don't think about but
something I've been thinking about
personally for ad conversion is we're
going to host our first offsite this
year I'm super excited about and I've
been thinking about like well I'm going
to get all these people in a room it's
going to be expensive it's an event
right like it's not a customer facing
event it's an internal event but it's an
event and I'm like how am I going to
maximize this event because it's not
cheap to get everybody in the room and
I've been thinking about content
creation so you know and like here we
have different experts different areas
so I'm like great we could have them
teach master classes now that creates
content we could you know what I mean
like thinking about how we can maximize
that time together so we can extend the
impact of that event like long after
it's gone that's awesome that's awesome
yeah like what I've noticed is having
the event not be about you but about the
person what the value is going to be for
them that always performs better if you
do just like propaganda propaganda like
skyo skyio skyo those always fail those
always have less engagement but if
you're like hey this isn't just an event
for marketing it's going to be we're
going to have these coaching sessions
you're going to get you're going to get
to network you're going to also get this
opportunity to learn to grow like that
stuff is goal that stuff is money yeah I
always I imagine it's
like in your case this is the Ascend
event which just so happens to be hosted
by skyo it's like you are such a minor
piece in the entire thing you're just
you know you're just the the sponsor you
know uh yeah and everything is around
you know like actual value and content
and you're just the one hosting the the
event right um but yeah yeah totally
nobody wants to go to a pitch Fest for
sure all right 10th and final tip all
right 10th and final tip and probably if
you get nothing from this this will
probably be one of the biggest things
that I say so way back when when I ran
marketing for a National Distribution
Company reported directly to the CEO and
when I had that job I considered myself
a really good marketer and that's all I
was a marketer this guy I feel like
would verbally destroy me every other
week on knowing your numbers thinking
about it as a business being challenging
me and helping me grow say like be more
than a marketer right so what does that
actually look like what does that
actually look like so in our world it's
not enough anymore just to do marketing
it's not enough just to do stuff that's
like really cool you need to think about
the ROI you need to think about this as
a business so two questions I challenge
everybody to think about as you're
running your campaigns whether it's an
event or anything else is one how's what
you're doing going to influence revenue
and then two how's that can accelerate
pipeline yeah 100% you know goes back to
what we're were talking about earlier
you have to put that CEO head on right
and and ultimately we're not we're not
just running events out of the goodness
of our heart you know because we just
want to share content there's Al there's
usually always some sort of contribution
to the business impact and uh knowing
what that is is is extremely important
because the key is not running an event
right but being able to run an event
again and again and again um and do it
better and bigger and and that takes
resources yeah absolutely cool Kirk this
has been an absolute Master Class if
people want to connect with you where
can they find you easy as the best way
look me up on LinkedIn Kirk da deis s
amazing we will link Kirk's uh LinkedIn
for you guys in the show notes
definitely connect with him reach out to
him if you have any questions on
promoting events they've done a lot of
great stuff there over at skyio so
appreciate you taking the time to share
with us and we will see you in the next
episode take care